1、There are two kinds of pain. The sort of pain that makes you strong...or useless pain...The sort of pain that’s only suffering. l have no patience for useless 
   things.Moments like this require someone who will act...or do the unpleasant thing,or the necessary thing.There...No more pain.
   
   痛苦分为两种，一种让你变得更强...另一种毫无价值，只是徒增折磨，我对没价值的东西也没有耐心，这种时候就需要有人采取行动，或做一些不好的事，但也是必要的事。好了，
   痛苦结束了。
   
2、Give and Take,welcome to the Washington.

	付出与索取，这就是华盛顿
	
3、The nature of promises is that they remain immune to changing circumstances.

	所谓承诺，就是不论情况如何变化也不受影响。
	
4、I know what I have to do.					我知道该怎么做
   Good.										很好
   We'll have a lot of nights like this.		我们将度过很多这样的夜晚
   Making plans.								制定计划
   Very little sleep.							没时间睡觉
   I expected that.								这我知道
   It doesn't worry me.							我不担心这个
   I'd better get to work.						我得去忙了
   I laid a suit out for you upstairs.			我在楼上给你准备了一套西服
   The navy blue one.							海军蓝那套
   
5、I love that woman.I love her more than sharks love blood.

	我爱那个女人甚于鲨鱼爱鲜血
	
6、We live by one rule,and one rule only,never again will we allow ourselves to be put in such a position.

	今后我们只有一条准则，绝不再陷入如此境地
	
7、Take a step back.Look at the bigger picture.

	退后一步，统观全局
	
8、I almost pity him.He didn't choose to be put on my platter.When I carve him up and toss him to the dogs,only then will he confront that brutal inescapable
   truth.My God!All I ever amounted to is chitterlings.

	我都快不忍心了，他也不想做我的盘中肉，等我把他剁碎了喂狗，他才会承认那残忍的不可避免的真相，上帝啊！原来我不过是一盘猪肠。
	
9、A person's character isn't determined by how he or she enjoys vitory but how he or she endures defeat.Nothing can help us endure dark times better than our
   faith.
   
   一个人的品行并不取决于这人如何享受胜利，而在于这人如何忍受失败。没什么比信仰更能支撑我们度过艰难的时光了。

10、Did you smell that?The smugness?The false deference.She thinks I can be bought with a pair of tickets.What am I a whore in post-war Berlin salivating over
	free stocking and chocolate?What she's asking will cost far more than that.
	
	你闻到了吗？装模作样，假装顺从。她以为两张票就能收买我，我是个战后柏林的妓女吗？眼馋那点免费长袜和巧克力？她想要的东西，代价要高得多。
	
11、help me,help you

	与我方便，与你方便
	
12、Forward!That is the battle cry.Leave ideologies for the Armchair General does me no good.

	勇往直前！这是我的作战口号。纸上谈兵那一套于我无益。
	
13、Power's a lot like real estate.It's all about location,location,location.The closer you are to the source,the higher your property value.

	权力正如地产，位置是重中之重。你离中心越近，你的财产就越值钱。
	
14、You know what I like about people?They stack so well.

	你知道我最喜欢人哪一点？会排队
	
15、In a town where everyone's so carefully reinventing themselves,what I like about Freddy is that he doesn't even pretend to change.

	这个城市的每个人都在精心的改头换面，而弗莱迪的可贵之处就是他甚至不装作要改变。
	
16、Such a waste of talent.He chose money over power.In this town,a mistake nearly everyone makes.Money is the McMansion in Sarasota that starts falling apart
	after ten years.Power is the old stone building that stands for centuries.I can not respect someone who doesn't see the difference.
	
	真是浪费啊，为了钱而放弃权力。这个城市里几乎人人都犯了这个错。金钱是萨拉索塔的巨无霸豪宅，保质期也就只有十年。而权力是古老的石切建筑，能屹立数百年。
	我要怎么尊重连这都不懂的人。
	
17、What a martyr  craves more than anything is sword to fall on,so you sharpen the blade,hold it at just right angle,and then 3,2,1.

	烈士最渴求的就是壮烈牺牲。所以你磨好兵刃，调整好角度，默数三，二，一。
	
18、I grew up here,in the up country.Bibles,barbecues,and broken backs.Everything gets just a little bit thicker this far south.The air,the blood,even me.I try
	to make it down here at least once a month.Every trip is a reminder of how far I've come.I hated Gaffney as a kid,when I had nothing,but now I've come to
	appreciate it.It's not as suffocating as it once was,except when I have to deal with the sort of nonsense that makes me want to hang myself.
	
	我在这个小乡村长大，《圣经》、烧烤、沉重的负担，这么靠南的地方，一切都更加浓郁，空气、血液、甚至我自己。我尽量每个月过来一次，每次来都会提醒我走了多远。
	小时候我讨厌加夫尼，那时我一无所有。但现在我能够欣赏它，它不像从前那样压抑难耐了，除了我要来处理这种让我想悬梁自尽的屁事的时候。
	
19、What are we supposed to do in the face of so much senseless pain?What else can we do but take what seems meaningless and try to make something meaningful
	from it.
	
	在这些无意义的痛苦面前，我们该怎么做？除了从无意义的事中尽力挖掘出一些有意义的东西，我们还能做什么呢？
	
20、What you have to understand about my people is that they are a noble people.Humility is their form of pride.It is their strength,it is their weakness,
	and if you can humble youself before them,they will do anything you ask.
	
	你要知道我的老乡们都是高尚的人，他们的自豪表现在谦逊中，这是他们的力量，也是他们的缺陷。如果你能在他们面前保持谦卑，他们会任你差遣。
	
21、I've won this district 11 times.Do you think that's just luck and a firm handshake?

	我赢得了这个选区11次选举，你以为光凭运气和握手能做到吗？
	
22、Treading water's the same as drowning for people like you and me.

	对我们这类人来说，勉强生存与死无异。
	
23、Love of family.Most politicians are permanently chained to that slogan...family values.But when you cozy up to hookers and I find out,I will make that
	hypocrisy hurt.

	家庭之爱，大多数政客终生都被这句口号所束缚，“家庭价值”，但要是你和妓女厮混又不巧被我发现，你就得为这份虚伪付出代价。
	
24、How is it the world keeps spinning and you manage to stay ahead of it?

	世界瞬息万变，你却总能走在前面
	
25、Frends make the worst enemies.

	反目的朋友是最可怕的敌人。
	
26、If you do decide to take the coward's way out,cut along the tracks,not across them.That's a rookie mistake.

	如果你真决定以懦弱的方式解脱，沿血管割，不要横着割，这是低级错误。
	
27、Not an easy thing to say no to the most powerful man in the free world.But sometimes the only way to gain your superior's respect is to defy him.

	对自由世界最有权势的人说不可不容易，但有些时候，要想赢得上司的尊重就只能违抗他。
	
28、From this moment on,you are a rock.You absorb nothing,you say nothing,and nothing breaks you.

	从这一刻起，你就是一块石头，万物不侵，丝毫不吐，坚不可摧。
	
29、You know what Francis said to me when he proposed?I remember his exact words.He said,"Claire,if all you want is happiness,Say no.I'm not gonna give you a
	couple of kids and count the days until retirement.I promise you freedom from that.I promise you'll never be bored."You know,he was the only man and there
	were a lot of others who proposed.But he was the only one who understood me.He didn't put me on some pedestal.He knew that I didn't want to be adored or
	coddled.So he took my hand and he put a ring on it.Because he knew I'd say yes.He's a man who knows how to take what he wants.
	
	你知道弗兰西斯向我求婚时说了什么吗？他说的每个字我都记得，他说，“克莱尔，如果你只想要幸福，那就拒绝吧。我不会跟你生一堆孩子然后数着日子退休。我保证你免受
	这些痛苦，也永远不会无聊。”虽然有很多人向我求婚，但他是唯一一个懂我的，他没把我看作什么女神，也知道我不想被崇拜或者溺爱，于是他拉起了我的手，为我戴上了戒指，
	因为他知道我会答应的。他懂得如何获得他想要的东西。
	
30、I'Doug,and I'm an alcoholic.One of the things I do for a living is count.I count votes.Yeas,nays,neutrals,abstaining.And I'm good at it.But the most important
	count I do has nothing to do with work.It's the number of days since April 4,1999.As of this morning,that's 5,185.The bigger that number gets,the more it
	frightens me,because I know all it takes is one drink to go back to zero.Most people see fear as a weakness.It can be.Sometimes for my job,I have to put fear
	in other people.I know that's not right.But if I'm honest,like the fourth step asks us to be,I have to be ruthless,because failure is not an option.The same
	goes for my sobriety.I have to use my fear.It makes me stronger.Like everyone in this room,I can't control who I am.But I can control the zero.Fuck the zero.
	
	我是道格，我是个酒鬼。我工作的一部分就是数数，同意票，反对票，中立票，弃权票。而且我很熟练。不过对我最重要的数字跟工作无关，而是从1999年4月4日至今的天数，截止
	今早，一共有5185天。数字越大，我越感到害怕。因为我知道一杯酒就能让数字清零。很多人认为恐惧是弱点，有时是的。有时由于工作的关系，我要让他人生惧，我知道那样不对，
	但如果按第四步说的那样，实话实说...我必须残忍，因为我不能失败，戒酒也是如此，我要对自己残忍，我得利用恐惧，它让我变得坚强。就像在座各位，我无法改变本性，但我
	能掌控那个零，让那个零去死吧。
	
31、Telling him everything but the truth.There's a value in having secrets.Creatures like myself,like Claire,like Zoe...we wouldn't be ourselves without them
	After all,we are nothing more or less than what we choose to reveal.
	
	告诉他一切，唯独不说真话。保守秘密是有价值的。像我，像克莱尔，像佐伊这样的人，没有秘密，我们就不是自己。终究来说，我们多少只是我们选择表现出来的样子。
	
32、There's no better way to  overpower a trickle of doubt than with a flood of naked truth.

	打破疑虑最好的利器莫过于赤裸裸的事实。
	
33、I'm not going to lie.I despise children. There.I've said it.

	我不打算说假话。我讨厌小孩。我就这么说了。
	
34、Proximity to power deludes some into believing they wield it.I put an end to that sort of thinking before it begins.

	接近权力让一些人错以为他们拥有权力，我要把这种错觉扼杀在萌芽中。
	
35、She was never more than a faint blip on my radar.We've served each other's purpose.If she wants to be an adult,let her see how she can fly once she leaves
	the nest.
	
	她于我微弱尘埃，我们互相利用。她想做个成年人，就让她看看离巢之后她能非多远。
	
36、I have often found that bleeding hearts have a ironic fear of their own blood.One drop and they seize up.But offer them a caring hand and massage them back
	to life and they soon start beating to the right drum.
	
	我常发现流血的心[悲天悯人者]反而很害怕流血，哪怕流一滴就会罢工。不过只要伸出关爱之手将它按摩复苏，它就能很快跳动正确的节奏。
	
37、Everything in life is about sex...Except sex.Sex is about power.

	生活中的一切都和性有关，除了性本身，性关乎权力。
	
38、Rebellion on all fronts...Claire,Zoe,Russo.I must march forward,even if I have to do so...alone.

	谁都不听话，克莱尔，佐伊，罗素。我不能失去决心，我会继续向前，即便我必须独自前行。
	
39、It only takes ten seconds to crush a man's ambitions.I need to take care that I protect mine.

	十秒钟就足以摧毁一个人的雄心，我得小心保护自己的雄心。

40、Once someone is exposed,they're at your mercy.

	一个人的目的一旦暴露，他们就得听你发落。
	
41、The rational and the irrational complement each other.Individually,they're far less powerful.

	理性和非理性是互补的，分开就无力许多。
	
42、Yes,I know the damn poem.We studied it at Sentinel.I said to my Professor,"Why mourn the death of Presidents,or anyone for that matter?The dead can't hear
	us."And he asked me if I believed in heaven.I said no.And then he asked if I had no faith in God.I said,"You have it wrong.It's God who has no faith in us."
	
	
	我当然知道那首破诗，在桑蒂诺学过。我问教授，为什么要悼念总统或任何死去的人呢，死人又听不到。而他问我是否相信天堂，我说不。他又问我是否不相信上帝，我说，你错了
	是上帝不相信我们。
	
43、Speculation is a poor form of investment and an equally poor form of politics.

	推测可不是一种好的投资方式，同样也不是一种好的政治手段。
	
44、Tusk understands the difference between power and money.That's precisely what makes him dangerous.He doesn't measure his wealth in private jets but purchased
	souls.
	
	塔斯克理解权力和金钱之间的区别，因此它是个危险人物。他衡量财富的标准不是私人飞机而是拉拢的人心。
	
45、Of all the things I hold in high regard,rules are not one of them.

	规矩不在我所遵守的事物之列。
	
46、There is no solace above or below.only us...Small,solitary,striving,battling one another.I pray to myself,for myself.

	天堂和地狱都没发给予我们慰藉，只有我们自己...渺小的，孤独的，挣扎的，彼此斗争。我为自己，向自己祈祷。
	
47、Not everyone can be on the right side of history.
	
	不是所有人都能站在历史中正确的一方。
	
48、I wouldn't be sitting here if I wanted a shoulder to cry on.
	
	如果我需要借一个让我哭泣的肩膀， 我就不会坐在这儿了.
	
50、I took a chance.Showed up at your house and placed myself at your feet.Crossed ethical lines,professionally,physically.And I hold myself accountable for that.
	Those were my choice,and I can live with them.I'd like to move forward,but I need to know exactly what I was a part of someone's...murder.
	
	我冒了个险，跑去你家，任你摆布。于公于私都跨过了道德底线。我愿意为这些事情负责，我愿意承担后果，我也希望向前看。但我需要知道我到底卷入了什么事，我需要确定我
	没有卷入一起谋杀。
	
51、Every kitten grows up to be a cat.They seem so harmless at first.Small,quiet,lapping up their saucer of milk.But once their claws get long enough,they draw
	blood.Sometimes from the hand that feeds them.For those of us climbing to the top of the food chain,there can be no mercy.
	
	There is but one rule: hunt or be hunted.
	
	每只小猫都会长大，一开始看起来都很无害，幼小，安静，舔着浅盘里的牛奶。但爪子一旦长长了，猫就会挠人，有时甚至会挠养猫人的手。对于我们这些爬向食物链顶端的人
	来说，决不能心慈手软。
	
	只有一条准则：不做猎人，便为猎物。
	
52、One heartbeat away from the presidency,and not a single vote cast in my name.Democracy is so overrated.

	离总统只差一步却不用一张选票，民主也不过如此。
	
53、The president is like a lone tree in an empty field.He leans whichever way the wind is blowing.And right now Raymond Tusk blows far too strong from the west.
	
	总统就像旷野上的一棵孤树，风往哪吹，他就往哪倒。现在雷蒙德・塔斯克的西风吹得实在太猛。
	
54、If you don't like how the table is set,turn over the table.

	如果你不喜欢餐具的摆设，掀翻它。
	
55、Grief demands an answer,but sometimes there isn't one.

	悲伤让人想要答案，但有时真的就没有。
	
56、You think I don't want to smash things?															你以为我不想摔东西吗
	I know what that anger is more than you can imagine.											我的愤怒是你无法想象的
	When he was on top of me...																		他压着我的时候...
	We don't have to talk about it.																	我们不需要说这个
	No,I want to.																					不，我想说
	When he was on top of me,I pressed my hand with everything I could I pressed it into his face.	他压着我的时候，我使劲推，用尽全力推他的脸
	I pressed if so hard I broke his nose.															我使足了劲弄伤了他的鼻子
	That didn't stop him.																			但那没能阻止他
	He shoved the sheets in my mouth.																他把床单塞进我的嘴里
	I could barely breathe.																			我几乎无法呼吸
	Every time I think of her pinned down like that.												每次我想起那个女孩，被人那样按倒
	I strangle her,Francis,so she doesn't strangle me.												我都会勒死她，弗朗西斯，这样她才不会勒死我
	I have to.We have to.																			我必须那样，我们必须那样
	The alternative is...it's unlivable.															否则...我无法忍受
	You should go to sleep.																			你该休息了
	I'm not sure if I can.																			我不知道能不能睡着
	Then you should go back downstairs.																那你就回楼下去
	You'll still feel the hate in the morning.														早晨的时候，那份恨意也不会消退
	You'll use that.But not on him.																	你会利用那份恨意，但不是去报复他
	
57、You know,there's nothing I despise more in life than pettiness.

	我这一生中最鄙视输不起的人了。
	
58、I see.You came here knowing what you had to do,hoping I would pull a rabbit out of a hat so you wouldn't have to.

	我懂了，你来这里的时候就知道你该做什么，但你还是希望我能变个戏法，这样你就不用那么做了。
	
59、If you're going to put my neck in the noose,look me in the eye while you do it.

	你要是想弄死我，动手时要看着我的眼睛。
	
60、There are two types of vice presidents.Doormats and matadors.Which do you think I intend to be?

	世上有两种副总统，受气包和斗牛士，你觉得我想做哪种呢？
	
61、The Cult of Tusk.Membership: one.But that one disciple just so happens to be the most powerful man in the free world.

	塔斯克党	成员：一人，不过那个信徒恰好是自由世界最有权力的人。
	
62、The higher up the mountain,the more treacherous the path.

	越往上爬，尔虞我诈越多。
	
63、To improve is to change.To perfect is to change often.

64、In Gaffney,people called it the "War of Northern Aggression."I personally take no pride in the Confederacy.Avoid wars you can't win,and never raise your flag
	for a asinine cause like slavery.
	
	加夫尼的人陈内战为”北方侵略战争“，个人而言，我并不以南部邦联为荣，打不赢的仗就不要打，更不要为奴隶制这样愚蠢的原因而战。
	
65、In Gaffney we had our own brand of diplomacy: Shake with your right hand,but hold a rock in your left.

	在加夫尼我们有自己的外交特色；一边握手言和，一边做好准备。
	
66、You're a journalist.Who gives a shit?We're fucking soldiers!

	你是个记着有什么了不起，我们他妈是战士！
	
67、If a bullet comes my way tomorrow,it will not be an accident,and I must be quick to duck.

	如果明天有人朝我开枪，那绝不会是意外，而且我得赶快躲开。
	
68、The first drops of blood have been spilt.Bullet grazed my cheek,but I haven't fallen.

	第一滴血溅了出来，子弹擦过我的脸颊，但我还是屹立不倒。
	
69、I'd rather manage someone I don't trust than someone who is reckless.

	我宁可要个我不信任的手下也不要做事不周的。
	
70、Do you know how Grant defeated Lee?He had more men.That's all.And he was willing to let them die.It was butchery,not strategy,which wom the war.

	你知道格兰特将军是如何几百李将军的吗。他的人更多，仅此而已。是屠杀而非策略赢得了战争。
	
71、And the butchery begins.

	现在，屠杀开始。
	
72、Any pugilist worth his salt knows when someone's on the ropes,that's when you throw a combination to the gut and a left hook to the jaw.

	称职的拳击手都能看出对手什么时候不行了，这时候就该果断连续出拳，左勾拳直击下颚。
	
73、We can't avoid the battle,but we can choose the battlefield.

	我们无法避免战争，但我们可以选择战场。
	
74、Presidents who obsess over history obsess about their place in it,instead of forging it.

	痴迷于历史的总统痴迷于他们在历史中地位，而不是如何创造历史。
	
75、The Chinese love to gamble.Especially the rich ones.

	中国人都爱赌博，尤其是富人。
	
76、When the money's coming your way,you don't ask any questions.

	有钱给你用的时候，何必问其来路。
	
77、Everyone in China who works on this level pays who they need to pay.And they kill who they need to kill.People disappear all the time,I could disappear.
	You could disappear.
	
	在中国，到了我这个层次的人都会贿赂该贿赂的人，杀掉该杀掉的人。总有人莫名其妙消失。我可能会消失，你也可能会消失。
	
78、You know what I like about money?I can stack it on a table,like this one.I can measure it with a yardstick.I can see it,smell it,buy things with it.
	Houses,cars,clothes.Things that are real.
	
	你知道我最喜欢钱哪一点吗？我能把钱摞在桌子上，我能用尺子去丈量它，我能看见它，闻到它的味道，用它买任何东西。房子，车子，衣服，实实在在的东西。
	
79、Why dose everything have to be a struggle?Can't some people just say "Yes" for once?

	为什么凡是都这么不容易，就没人能说一次“好”吗？
	
80、The gift of a good liar is making people think you lack a talent for lying.

	真正会说谎的人会让人觉得他天生不会说谎。
	
81、Dogs are so predictable,aren't they?

	狗的行为可真好猜，不是吗？
	
82、A little sibling rivalry isn't such a bad thing,especially between adopted boys.They either push each other to be the best versions of themselves,or one of
	them gets booted back to the orphanage.
	
	兄弟间的小斗争不是什么坏事，特别是在养子之间。他们要么彼此施压，两人都更上一层楼，要么其中一人被踢回孤儿院。
	
83、Do you think I'm a hypocrite? Well, you should. I wouldn't disagree with you. The road to power is paved with hypocrisy...and casualties. Never regret.

	你觉得我是一个伪君子吗，那就对了，我不会否认。通往权力的道路由伪善和亡兵铺就。永远不要后悔。
	
84、Do not mistake any history you have shared for the slightest understanding of what our marriage is or how insignificant you are in comparsion.

	别因为你们之间有过一段历史就以为你了解我们的婚姻或是相比之下你是多么无关紧要。
	
85、I don't employ lobbyist,I employ people who can be useful to me.

	我从不雇说客，我只雇对我有用的人。
	
86、I don't know whether to be proud or terrified. Perhaps both.

	真不知我是该骄傲还是害怕，也许两者皆有吧。
	
87、I've always loathed the necessity of sleep. Like death, it puts even the most powerful men on their backs.

	我一向讨厌睡眠的必要性，它跟死亡一样，能让最强大的人倒下。
	
88、The only thing more satisfying than convincing someone to do what I want,is failing to persuade them on purpose. It's like a "Do Not Enter" Sign, it just
	begs you to walk through the door.
	
	唯一比说服别人按我的意愿做事更让我感到满足的就是故意没能说服他们，就像“禁止进入”标志，简直就是在求你走进去。
	
89、It was the best of times,it was the worst of times,it was the age of wisdom,it was the age of foolishness,it was the epoch of belief,it was the epoch of
	incredulity,it was the season of Light,it was the season of Darkness,it was the spring of hope,it was the winter of despair,we had everything before us,
	we had nothing before us,we were all going direct to Heaven,we were all going direct the other way.
	
	那是最美好的时代，那是最糟糕的时代；那是智慧的年头，那是愚昧的年头；那是信仰的时期，那是怀疑的时期；那是光明的季节，那是黑暗的季节；那是希望的春天，那是
	失望的冬天；我们拥有一切，我们一无所有；我们全都在直奔天堂，我们全都在直奔相反的方向。
	
90、From the lion's den to a pack of wolves. When you're fresh meat,kill,and throw them something fresher.

	刚出虎口，又入狼穴。如果你是滴血的肉，那就杀了别人，给他们更新鲜的肉。
	
91、Even Achilles was only as strong as his heel.

	强如阿克琉斯，再强大的人，能力也是由他的短板所决定。
	
92、Seduce him.Give him your heart.Cut it out and put it in his fucking hands.

	勾引他，把你的心挖出来放在他手上。
	
93、Power is better than money for as long as it lasts.But it never lasts.

	只要权力握在手中就比金钱有魅力，但权力总会滑出手心。
	
94、He's in the darkness now.And I'm the only beacon of light.Now we gently guide him toward the rocks.

	他现在身处黑暗，我是唯一指路的明灯，现在只要温柔地把他引向礁石就可以了。
	
95、I'll tell you this,Pop:when they bury me,it won't be in my backyard.And when they come to pay their respects,they'll have to wait in line.

	我要告诉你，爸：等我下葬的时候，绝不会是葬在自家后院，等人们前来吊唁我的时候，他们得排队。
	
96、When the wind's blowing at gale force,there's no point in sailing against it.

	当强风袭来的时候，就没必要逆风航行。
	
97、What is the face of a coward?The back of his head as he runs from the battle.

	懦夫的脸什么样？临阵脱逃，只能看得见后脑勺。
	
98、No writer worth his salt can resist a good story,just as no politician can resist making promises he can't keep.

	有水平的作家都不会拒绝好故事，就像政客总忍不住乱许诺言一样。
	
99、Revolution sneaks up on you,one small step at a time.

	革命总是悄悄地不期而至，每次一小步。
	
100、Do you really want to discuss courage,Claire? Because anyone can commit suicide,or spout their mouth in front of a camera. But you wanna know what takes
	 real courage? Keeping your mouth shut,no matter what you might be feeling. Holding it all together when the stakes are this high.
	 
	 你真要讨论勇敢吗，克莱尔？因为任何人都可以自杀或者在摄像机前信口开河。但你知道什么才叫勇敢吗？无论有何感受，都能管住嘴巴。形式如此严峻，依然不惊阵脚。
	 
101、The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much, it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.
	 
	 进步的证明不是让富人更富有，而是令穷人不困苦。
	 
102、It's good to have dreams,just so long as they're not fantasies.

	 有梦想是好事，只要别想的太多就行。
	 
103、Sometimes we must be ruthless with those who hate us.And sometimes we must be ruthless with those we love.

	 有时对恨我们的人，我们必须无情。有时对我们爱的人，也要无情。
	 
104、The Fourth of July means nothing anymore. Overcooked hot dogs and fireworks that always leave you diappointed. Bite-size American flags made in China,
	 halfheartedly waved by five-year-olds who'd rather be playing Minecraft. But the third of September,that's a date which matters. It's the day,three decades
	 past,that a redneck from Gaffney married a debutante from Dallas. And the Earth's axis tilted that day,though neither they,nor we,knew it at the time.
	 Here's a woman who describes her vows as a suicide flirting with a bridge's edge. And a man who wears his wedding ring as a badge of shame,for the debutante
	 deserved more. But truly,what more could she desire? Together,they rule an empire without heirs. Legacy is their only child.
	 
	 国庆节已经变得毫无意义，烧焦的热狗，永远令你失望的烟火。中国制造的小号美国国旗在一心只想去打游戏的五岁顽童稚嫩的小手中有一搭没一搭地挥舞着。但9月3日，却是真正
	 重要的一天。三十年前的这一天，一个加夫尼的农民娶到了一位达拉斯的名媛，而世界的旋转轨迹因此而改变。尽管当时他们以及我们都并不知道。这个女人将自己的婚誓比作在桥
	 边犹豫自杀的徘徊。而这个男人将婚戒当作羞耻徽章，因为他觉得配不上这位名媛。但是说真的，她还能渴求什么呢？他们一起统治一个帝国，没有子嗣，遗志是他们唯一的孩子。
	 
105、A cold fusion of two universal elements,identical in weight,equal in force.United they stand.A union like none other.The unsplittable atom of American politics.
 
	 两个通用元素冷聚变，重量一致，力量均等。他们站在一起，独一无二的联盟，成为美国政治中的不可分裂原子。
	 
106、You have no idea what it means to have nothing.You don't value what we have achieved.I have had to fight for everything in my entire life.Do you know why
	 I kept this?Because it's the one time I was proud of my father.Because this man,in this moment,as despicable as it was,is fighting to survive.He is doing
	 whatever it took.
	 
107、Conscience has an unmistakable stink to it,sort of like raw onions and morning breath.But a lie stinks even more when it's coming from someone who isn't
	 used to lying.It's more like rotten eggs and horseshit.
	 
	 良心有种标志性的臭味儿，就像生洋葱和早上的口臭。但谎言的臭味儿从一个不习惯撒谎的人身上散发出来格外浓烈，就像臭鸡蛋和马粪。
	 
108、A chasm opened up between them,a hallway less than ten yards wide.But it might as well have been a thousand miles.A well-appointed no man's land with
	 a plush carpet and high ceiling between two bedrooms.In it were two centuries of ghosts,all the Presidents and First Ladies before them.But also the 
	 ghost...of their marriage.A thirty years'war that left them both dead inside 30,and this dead space between them.
	 
	 一条裂缝在他们之间蔓延开来，那是一条不到九米宽的走廊，但它就像爱有两千公里那么长。这是一片布置精致的无人之地，丝绒地毯和高悬的天花板隔开了两间卧房，
	 卧房里住着两个世纪的鬼魂，之前所有的总统和第一夫人，还有他们婚姻的鬼魂。30年的斗争，让他们的心都死了，两人之间也是一片荒原。
	 
109、The only problem with common sense is that it's so...common.

	 常理唯一的问题就是，太普通了。
	 
110、The politics is no longer just theater,it's show business.So let's put on the best show in town.
 
	 政治已经不只是戏院了，而是娱乐业。那我们就上演一出最棒的戏吧。
	 
111、(140)